add disableFileLog option, fix usage of fg and logForHumans as ENV vars (#3720)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/admin/cli.md

-   **-disableCustomNotifications**. Disabled NGSIv2 custom notifications. In particular:
    * `httpCustom` is interpreted as `http`, i.e. all sub-fields except `url` are ignored
    * No `${...}` macro substitution is performed.

> -   **-disableFileLog**. To prevent orion from logging into a file. This option might be usefull if you are running on kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **-disableFileLog**. To prevent Orion from logging into a file (default behaviour is to use a log file). This option might be useful if you are running on kubernetes.
```

Author: Fixed in ce77dfe455713e7b52992d067daebfad21136745

> -   **-disableFileLog**. To prevent Orion from logging into a file (default behaviour is use a log file). This option might be useful if you are running on kubernetes.

Reviewer: An entry in CHANGES_NEXT_RELEASE about the new flag should be added. For instance:

```
- Add: -disableFileLog CLI parameter (ORION_DISABLE_FILE_LOG env var) to prevent Orion from logggin into a file
```

Author: Fixed in 521246b5f94f5366050a06501199621e8abd6046
